// src: https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Characters

//
// Protagonists
//

Out of the generations of shrine maidens, her sense of danger is the most lacking and she has meager training, yet her power is considerable.
Hieda no Akyuu
Perfect Memento in Strict Sense
whom_about: Reimu Hakurei

It ain't magic if it ain't flashy. Danmaku's all about firepower.
Marisa Kirisame
Perfect Memento in Strict Sense

//
// PC-98
//

// Highly Responsive to Prayers
Oh, who cares about some cheap shrine in the middle of nowhere? My goal is to exact revenge on the entire human race.
Mima
Story of Eastern Wonderland, Stage 4

// the Story of Eastern Wonderland
I am Rika. Remember it from now on. If only you'd chased me when I ran before, you would've been crushed by the might of my Flying Tank, Evil Eye Σ!!
Rika
Story of Eastern Wonderland, Extra Stage

It isn't you I want!! I want your power, you fool!!
Meira
Story of Eastern Wonderland, Stage 2

My power? What do you mean?
Reimu Hakurei
Story of Eastern Wonderland, Stage 2

// Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream
Ah, only one person is left. It looks like my final enemy is a magic-user like me. I've gotta do my best!
Ellen
Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream

Hey, that was no big deal. Is the next one the last? And she's a shrine maiden, too.
Kotohime
Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream

There's only one person left. Huh, is that right! These people are no problem...
Kana Anaberal
Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream

This may look small, but it's a lethal weapon. If you value your life, you'll do as I say.
Chiyuri Kitashirakawa
Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream

That's right; I've finally found the beautiful power called 'magic' in this world. I won't settle for just observations anymore. I'm going to take you back as a test specimen, study that power, and then make it mine!!
Yumemi Okazaki
Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

// Lotus Land Story
Ahaha, you shouldn't underestimate me just because I'm the first stage boss! I'll bang, shoot, and pop your head off!
Orange
Lotus Land Story, Stage 1

Hmm, hang on. Didn't I just see you before?
Marisa Kirisame
Lotus Land Story, Stage 2

That's right! I'm the gatekeeper of the lake, Kurumi. Nice to meet you.
Kurumi
Lotus Land Story, Stage 2

This is the entrance to the mansion on the boundary between the Fantasy World and the real world... I'm the guardian here, Elly.
Elly
Lotus Land Story, Stage 3

Massacres are a kind of game, too. It doesn't matter whether it's humans or Makai residents
Yuuka Kazami
Mystic Square
whom_to: Shinki

I'm Mugetsu. And this is my world. It seems like you just barged your way in, but...
Mugetsu
Lotus Land Story, Extra Stage

Anyway, I'm Gengetsu, Mugetsu's older sister. I don't really know what's going on, but, since she left it to me, all I have to do is beat you, right?
Gengetsu
Lotus Land Story, Extra Stage

// Mystic Square
You're a cocky one, aren't you? I wonder if we'll have to fight.
Sara
Mystic Square, Stage 1
whom_to: Marisa Kirisame

Well, Makai is a nice place, so why don't you relax and do some sightseeing while you're here?
Louise
Mystic Square, Stage 2

Oh well, it doesn't matter if you really are youkai or not. I have the grimoire you're looking for. I am the magician you're looking for. Whether you are youkai or not. YOU ARE MY ENEMIES!
Alice Margatroid
Strange and Bright Nature Deity Chapter 6

Hyaaa!
Three Fairies of Light
Strange and Bright Nature Deity Chapter 6

Why you little! ...... Now you've done it! I'm through playing around!!
Yuki
Mystic Square, Stage 4

Why don't you try a bit harder?
Mai
Mystic Square, Stage 4

I will, now that the dead weight is gone. I'll defeat you for sure!!
Mima
Mystic Square, Stage 4

You musn't dirty your hands dealing with this kind of person! I shall deal with her promptly, so please, step back, Lady Shinki.
Yumeko
Mystic Square, Stage 5
whom_about: Yuuka Kazami
whom_to: Shinki

Defeat me? How ridiculous!! A shrine maiden is nothing more than a dog of the gods.
Shinki
Mystic Square, Stage 6
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

// Embodiment of Scarlet Devil
Is the person in front of me the edible kind?
Rumia
Embodiment of Scarlet Devil, Stage 1

Have you ever heard the saying good medicine tastes bad\"?\"
Reimu Hakurei
Embodiment of Scarlet Devil, Stage 1

Like I care! I'm the fairy who shall soon lord over Gensokyo! I can go anywhere and do anything I want!
Cirno
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 2

You are a little strong, but your power is still no match for mine!
Hong Meiling
Touhou Hisoutensoku

Let's see... How to take out the black thing in front of me without having to do anything...
Patchouli Knowledge
Embodiment of Scarlet Devil
whom_to: Marisa Kirisame

The only human who lives in the house where devils dwell and leader of the maids. A mysterious girl who works in a place that normal humans don't dare approach. Nobody had ever seen her before she started working at the mansion.
Hieda no Akyuu
Perfect Memento in Strict Sense

Looks like it's going to be a fun night.
Remilia Scarlet
Embodiment of Scarlet Devil, Stage 6

Looks like it's going to be a long night.
Reimu Hakurei
Embodiment of Scarlet Devil, Stage 6

I just want to destroy the indestructible. Especially you, who no one else can destroy! Here I come!
Flandre Scarlet
Touhou Gouyoku Ibun
whom_to: Yuuma Toutetsu

// Perfect Cherry Blossom
On top of that, there's a freaky flying maid coming towards me.
Letty Whiterock
Perfect Cherry Blossom
whom_to: Sakuya Izayoi

Why not get put to sleep at an animal shelter? The Buddhist Paradise is warm, they say.
Sakuya Izayoi
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 2

Humans? Posing a threat to us? Impossible, impossible, absolutely impossible! To think that you would oppose us...
Chen
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 2

Rainbows are the bass sounds of this world. Exceeding the rainbows are illusionary sounds. That's where I come in.
Lyrica Prismriver
Phantasmagoria of Flower View

Unwanted noise should be drowned out.
Lunasa Prismriver
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 4

Alright, then. My good friend, would you kindly open this door?
Marisa Kirisame
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 4

Won't you listen to just one song first, my good friend?
Merlin Prismriver
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 4

The things that cannot be cut by my Roukanken, forged by youkai... are next to none!
Youmu Konpaku
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 5

Just a little longer. A little longer and the Saigyou Ayakashi will be in full bloom...
Yuyuko Saigyouji
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 6

Chen is my shikigami. She has recovered, and grown stronger than before.
Ran Yakumo
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Extra Stage

... She was supposed to be strong? Wait, she's your shikigami? Aren't you a shikigami yourself?
Reimu Hakurei
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Extra Stage

To start with, she is a youkai that you do not want to deal with. Even besides the fundamental issue of the danger of her ability, this youkai will appear anywhere unexpectedly, her character is lacking in human sentiment, and her behavioral principles are completely different from those of humans, to name a few of her issues.
Hieda no Akyuu
Perfect Memento in Strict Sense

At any rate, with just a little more spring, the Saigyou Ayakashi will soon reach full bloom. The small trace of spring that you've brought here... will give us the last step needed.
Youmu Konpaku
Perfect Cherry Blossom, Stage 5

// Immaterial and Missing Power
I've been watching all of you this whole time. You all responded to my 'foregathering ability' without noticing, and came to these feasts. Do you know what this means? It means none of you can defeat me.
Suika Ibuki
Immaterial and Missing Power

// Imperishable Night
They say a half-inch bug has only one-tenth an inch of soul.
Sakuya Izayoi
Imperishable Night, Stage 1

That's 80% smaller.
Remilia Scarlet
Imperishable Night, Stage 1

There's no human that doesn't fear me on night roads. If I wanted, I could call enough youkai here to eradicate every human in this land.
Mystia Lorelei
Imperishable Night, Stage 2
whom_to: Marisa Kirisame and Alice Margatroid

I've been waiting. You've got some guts, challenging me on the night of the full moon. I won't let you lay one finger on that human!
Keine Kamishirasawa
Imperishable Night, Extra Stage

Wait a second, hold it right there. Do I look like a rabbit that would try to trick people~?
Tewi Inaba
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Episode 8

You really do. It is said that although the rabbit is supposed to cross the river, it tricked and crossed the shark.
Komachi Onozuka
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Episode 8

You're too late. I've sealed all the doors. You can't take the princess away now, can you?
Reisen Udongein Inaba
Imperishable Night, Stage 5

Young children like yourself can't stand a chance against me, an eternal being. All the scarlet history that you've built up--- Divided by my history, the result is zero. From eternity's point of view, you are but a mere instant.
Eirin Yagokoro
Imperishable Night, Stage 6

The human body houses a fragile, round soul. What those humans live on is a huge, round orb below. And, what the superior people live on... is that lunatic orb behind me.
Kaguya Houraisan
Imperishable Night, Stage 6

I can't die, but I can't keep fighting like this. My body hurts all over.
Fujiwara no Mokou
Imperishable Night, Extra Stage

// Phantasmagoria of Flower View
You don't seem related to the incident, so without further ado, allow me to blow you into the next week!
Aya Shameimaru
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 1
whom_to: Eternity Larva

It's not good spreading the smell of poison so much. It'll make others want to run.
Yuuka Kazami
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Episode 7

Poison? Oh, poison. It's my life. That won't change.
Medicine Melancholy
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Episode 7

Well, usherin' souls over is out of my jurisdiction. I'm just a humble ferryman.
Komachi Onozuka
Scarlet Weather Rhapsody, Stage 6

You bear a large sin. You abandoned your allies, leaving them to die, while you're the only one here living happily. That's right, you're a bit too selfish.
Eiki Shiki
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Reisen's Scenario

...
Reisen Udongein Inaba
Phantasmagoria of Flower View Reisen's Scenario

//
// Windows 2nd Generation
//

// Mountain of Faith
I'm just one amongst the multitudes of gods. There are many more here just like me.
Minoriko Aki
Mountain of Faith, Stage 1

I'm sure we've met before, but I'm just here to gather misfortune, now.
Hina Kagiyama
Mountain of Faith, Stage 2

Hey human. Kappa and humans have been sworn friends since ancient times, so let me tell you something.
Nitori Kawashiro
Mountain of Faith, Stage 3

Sworn friends? Are you sure you haven't mistaken an old enemy for a friend?
Reimu Hakurei
Mountain of Faith, Stage 3

I'm Sanae, a wind priestess, descendent of a long-forgotten line of gods incarnate in the outside world. Sometimes, humans that revere a god are themselves revered. Sometimes, shrine maidens can become gods. Since you're a shrine maiden, are you prepared for such things to happen?
Sanae Kochiya
Mountain of Faith, Stage 5

I don't care if I become a god or not. But if you say you want a fight, you'd better be ready for one!
Reimu Hakurei
Mountain of Faith, Stage 5

A god must eliminate all who oppose their struggle for faith, one by one.
Kanako Yasaka
Mountain of Faith, Stage 6

Pay more respect to the earth. Otherwise, who knows? You might even get cursed. Heh heh.
Suwako Moriya
Touhou Hisoutensoku

// Scarlet Weather Rhapsody
Getting straight to the point, an earthquake is going to occur.
Iku Nagae
Scarlet Weather Rhapsody, Stage 3

I know, if you've nothing to do how about killing some time with me?
Tenshi Hinanawi
Scarlet Weather Rhapsody, Stage 1

You're the one with too much time on your hands, you know.
Yuyuko Saigyouji
Scarlet Weather Rhapsody, Stage 1

// Subterranean Animism
I'll show you how great the power of the youkai who were banished underground is!
Yamame Kurodani
Subterranean Animism, Stage 1

I don't have anything against you, but I can make up lots of reasons to attack you.
Parsee Mizuhashi
Subterranean Animism, Stage 2

Ahahahaha! Why would we want to do that now? This place may have been Hell once, but now it's our paradise. We're even thankful for the sages above ground. They won't let anyone come bother us here. But more importantly, you! You're strong for a human, And it looks like you know Suika, too. I haven't been this excited in a long time!
Yuugi Hoshiguma
Subterranean Animism, Stage 3
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

Here's where it really begins. Now, sleep with this trauma that will leave you sleepless!
Satori Komeiji
Subterranean Animism

If I kill you, human, my hellfire cart will get heavy~♪ Man, carrying off corpses is fun!
Rin Kaenbyou
Subterranean Animism, Stage 5
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

Lord Yatagarasu, the Black Sun. Thank you for giving me your power. The sunlight that rains down on the Earth is a nuclear furnace that will create new atoms. My ultimate nuclear fusion will burn up every body, heart, phantom, and fairy!
Utsuho Reiuji
Subterranean Animism, Stage 6

// *^_^*
Read your mind? I've already closed my satori eye. Reading people's minds only makes you depressed, there's nothing good about it.
Koishi Komeiji
Subterranean Animism, Extra Stage
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

// Undefined Fantastic Object
My mice do like the taste of human flesh. They say that cheese just can't compare to certain other red foods.
Nazrin
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 1

Booooo! Did that surprise you?
Kogasa Tatara
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 2

If you're collecting the floating treasure, then you're trying to revive my sister too, right?
Ichirin Kumoi
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 3

I'm headed towards a completely submerged and sorrowful hell. Those who can't make use of the water would just get in my way. Even if it's Lady Hijiri.
Minamitsu Murasa
Touhou Gouyoku Ibun, Stage 2

Just a simple enemy ... ... Still, even if you are an enemy, there's no denying that you were chosen by the treasure. However, if you've chosen to follow the wrong path ... Then I'll have you bow down before this pagoda of Bishamonten!
Shou Toramaru
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 5

Hmph, you should have said that from the start. After all, I'll beat anyone who's a friend to youkai!
Reimu Hakurei
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 6

Humans haven't changed since my days in the temple. How weak and rash you are! Now, namusan ―― !
Byakuren Hijiri
Undefined Fantastic Object, Stage 6

Oh, I found the mysterious shining thing! Is this really an alien encounter?
Sanae Kochiya
Undefined Fantastic Object, Extra Stage

What's an alien?
Nue Houjuu
Undefined Fantastic Object, Extra Stage

// Touhou Hisoutensoku

// Double Spoiler
The kappas were the ones who made my camera, y'know~ They can be kinda rude, but they're really good at high-tech stuff.
Hatate Himekaidou
Double Spoiler Level 4

// Ten Desires
An echo spirit, huh? So all you do is parrot things back?
Marisa Kirisame
Ten Desires, Stage 2

That is all I do, so don't tease me about it.
Kyouko Kasodani
Ten Desires, Stage 2

Rotten as I may be, I'm a jiang shi. Right! I remembered! We were revived to protect the mausoleum!
Yoshika Miyako
Ten Desires, Stage 4

My faithful servant. Go eradicate the one who would deny this resurrection!
Seiga Kaku
Ten Desires, Stage 4

Mmph, your body is covered with the stench of death.
Youmu Konpaku
Ten Desires, Stage 5

Aye, for I art no longer among the living. We are of a like kind, are we not? Art thou not also a shikaisen?
Mononobe no Futo
Ten Desires, Stage 5

Two beings revived to eternal life must join together in combat, and join together in study of the Tao! Now, try to defeat me! And I will be resurrected as a statesman of eternal life!
Toyosatomimi no Miko
Ten Desires, Stage 6

I once had enough power to hold sway over one third (of the tanuki) of Japan. But perhaps that's a thing of the past, now. To think I lost to a human like this...
Mamizou Futatsuiwa
Ten Desires, Extra Stage

// Hopeless Masquerade
Since I had to memorize emotions logically, I got good at reading the emotions of others.
Hata no Kokoro
Antinomy of Common Flowers, Stage 3

//
// Windows 3rd Generation
//

// Double Dealing Character
Oh, a mermaid? Is that all? You're just a small fry.
Reimu Hakurei
Double Dealing Character, Stage 1

It's been ages since anyone took us seriously. It's about time for us youkai to flourish!
Wakasagihime
Double Dealing Character, Stage 1

I'll make you too scared to walk around, day or night!
Sekibanki
Double Dealing Character, Stage 2

You've come to exterminate me, haven't you?
Kagerou Imaizumi
Double Dealing Character, Stage 3

All the other tools like me have gained power. We've behaved ourselves so far, but it'll be our era from now on.
Benben Tsukumo
Double Dealing Character, Stage 4

Let the soul repose performance begin!
Yatsuhashi Tsukumo
Double Dealing Character, Extra Stage

Okay, that does it! This isn't the time to run away or hide, I'll make enemies out of them all!
Seija Kijin
Impossible Spell Card, 8th Day

Someone like you, who was born into power, wouldn't know the joy of finally obtaining it. However, if you look at your purification rod, you can see that you feel hesitation. I have the power of dreams here in my hand.This is our treasure, the Miracle Mallet!
Shinmyoumaru Sukuna
Double Dealing Character, Stage 6
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

I have obtained the magic to become independent. I no longer require the powers of the Miracle Mallet.
Raiko Horikawa
Double Dealing Character, Extra Stage

// Urban Legend in Limbo
You shouldn't underestimate humans these days. One can find just about anything by searching on the net, after all!
Sumireko Usami
Urban Legend in Limbo. Kasen's scenario

// Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom
This is Seiran. I've made contact with a belligerent earthling. Now proceeding with purification.
Seiran
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 1

Ahh, there are some pretty strong people on Earth, huh? You've got all sorts of food, too. I wish I had been born on Earth...
Ringo
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 2

Every time you dream, you've visited Gensokyo. Normally what's happening is that you expel your dream self, which is then taken over by your real self. By being in the Dream World, you're currently an irregularity.
Doremy Sweet
Antinomy of Common Flowers, Stage 3

I am Sagume, a being who can change the world's course with my words. Now that I've gone and talked about it, fate will begin to change again.
Sagume Kishin
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 4

Kyahahahaha! Something real interesting is going on~! Hey, fairies! Let's crank up the speed! It's lunatic tiiiime! Welcome to a world of madness!
Clownpiece
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 5

Though she now lives on another heavenly body, and I am unable to meet with her... Even if we are unable to dwell together under Heaven, my hatred alone will be refined. Now, show me! Just what an earthling risking her life is capable of! And behold! This pristine spiritual force that rejects life and death!
Junko
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 6
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

So what are we going with? Two on one? Or should I call in my other two selves and make it four on one?
Hecatia Lapislazuli
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Extra Stage

// Antinomy of Common Flowers
Maybe you'd be happier slipping into the crowd and then, I dunno, dropping dead?
Joon Yorigami
Antinomy of Common Flowers Yukari's Scenario

I've never been serious about this until now. If I let it all out, everyone will be unlucky, including me! But I've had enough. Who cares about winning or losing? When I'm done here, we'll all be losers. The shrine maiden, me, and you too, Joon!
Shion Yorigami
Antinomy of Common Flowers Yukari's scenario

// Hidden Star in Four Seasons
Come on! Get some exercise, and taste this summer heat with your whole body!
Eternity Larva
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 1

Oh, sorry about that. I'm Marisa the magician. I'm not sure why, but it seems like the season around this one area has turned into autumn?
Marisa Kirisame
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 2

I don't know nothin' 'bout that. More importantly, you should git outta here. If you stick around here any longer, I'll slice you open an' sun-dry you!
Nemuno Sakata
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 2

I've been protecting shrines and temples from simple enemies all the time until now. It's, like, volunteer work?
Aunn Komano
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 3

Huh, I see. I hadn't noticed at all. I'm sorry.
Reimu Hakurei
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 3

My, what's going on? I'm practically overflowing with magic power... I've just got to try this out on the human in front of me!
Narumi Yatadera
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 4

Now, this might be a bit sudden, but let's start your test!
Satono Nishida
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 5

Test? What are you even talking about?
Reimu Hakurei
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 5

Now, if you're too weak, our Master will get real mad at us...
Satono Nishida
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 5
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

So you'd better give us all you've got! If you die, welp, that's the end of that!
Mai Teireida
Hidden Star in Four Seasons, Stage 5
whom_to: Reimu Hakurei

Clownpiece, was it? Tell the big shots of hell that... Be sure to let them know. Gensokyo is home to a terrifying secret god. Got that?
Okina Matara
Visionary Fairies in Shrine Chapter 15
whom_to: Clownpiece

// Wily Beast and Weakest Creature
How dare you mock the art of stone-stacking! Unforgivable! Dieee!
Eika Ebisu
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 1

I'm an ushi-oni. I live by the River. If you want to turn back now, I can send you home safely...
Urumi Ushizaki
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 2

So you're already familiar with me. Let's get straight to the point, then. I shall hereby test whether you are capable of surviving Hell.
Kutaka Niwatari
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 3

I am the leader of the Kiketsu family. Do you really need any further explanation?
Yachie Kicchou
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 4

Huh? What the...? Now that I think about it, I feel like I never had any questions...
Reimu Hakurei
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 4

That aura I feel from you... Could you be a wolf spirit? To think that a wolf would be smart enough to rely on a living human...
Mayumi Joutouguu
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 5

You built up this whole plan, and now you flee in the face of the enemy...! Truly the height of idiocy. Don't think for a second that I'll let you escape after you violated my sacred territory to this extent. I'll destroy your body of flesh, and build you anew from soil and water! You shall be an idol without a single flaw, told of for ages and ages to come!
Keiki Haniyasushin
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Stage 6

Your power, swiftness, bravery and knowledge in facing down danmaku... All in perfect balance! I-I'm moved!
Saki Kurokoma
Wily Beast and Weakest Creature, Extra Stage

// Touhou Gouyoku Ibun
Seriously? This is what petroleum is?
Joon Yorigami
Sunken Fossil World Joon and Shion's Scenario

Yep, absolutely. In the Outside World, they even use tons of the stuff while knowing full well what it is! Petroleum has always been produced from organic beings. This liquid has always been made from the fear, pleasure, grief, loathing, and resentment of living creatures! Now get out of here, you pair of eternal poors!
Yuuma Toutetsu
Sunken Fossil World Joon and Shion's Scenario

// Unconnected Marketeers
Those cards are dangerous items. They sure ain't cat toys, I can tell you that much.
Marisa Kirisame
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 1

Hmph! You might say that... but you want 'em too, don'tcha? And they're not dangerous or anything. I mean, everyone's collecting 'em!
Mike Goutokuji
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 1

Pretty lucky for me to have found someone with cards on 'em this quick.
Marisa Kirisame
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 2

Cards, eh...? I guess you've been sniffing around for them after all. These are too much for you puny little humans to handle! Begone from our mountain!
Takane Yamashiro
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 2

What are these cards? Who's making 'em?
Marisa Kirisame
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 3

...You don't need to know about that. Uh, actually, I don't know either. It's not somethin' I need to do business, after all.
Sannyo Komakusa
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 3

Splendid! To think that the Yin-Yang Orb that I crafted has been mastered to such a degree. It is an honor to the Tamatsukuri-be.
Misumaru Tamatsukuri
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 4

When you betray someone, you don't do it with your own hands. A wonderful idea, in my opinion.
Tsukasa Kudamaki
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 5
whom_to: Megumu Iizunamaru

The Ability Cards? I don't just 'know' about them. I created them, as a matter of fact!
Megumu Iizunamaru
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 5

You foul barbarian... How long are you going to believe that you can use violence to hold dominion over objects? Possession of an object can only be controlled by the god of the markets. As long as they possess something, none can escape from the hands of God! The market has been opened! Let us return all things to nothing!
Chimata Tenkyuu
Unconnected Marketeers, Stage 6

Tremble in joy! The mountain shall be your grave!
Momoyo Himemushi
Unconnected Marketeers, Extra Stage

// Unfinished Dream of All Living Ghost

//
// Print Works
//

// Touhou Kourindou

// Touhou Sangetsusei
Sorry to say, but the night is my specialty. This is where your advance ends!
Luna Child
Fairy Wars, Stage 3

// Touhou Bougetsushou
As the leader of the moon's emissaries, I'll have to act with maximum beauty.
Watatsuki no Yorihime
Silent Sinner in Blue Chapter 13

My mortal enemy, Chang'e. Are you watching!? Look at the numerous lives and deaths, the impurities, this poor soul brings!
Junko
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, Stage 6
whom_to: Marisa Kirisame

// Touhou Ibarakasen
Do you think that classical, behind-the-times youkai like yourselves can stand up to this era's humans and their collective knowledge?
Sumireko Usami
Urban Legend in Limbo Kasen's scenario

Humans truly have become foolish. Have you forgotten the enigmatic terror of the youkai? Have you forgotten the mind-numbing darkness of the night?
Kasen Ibaraki
Urban Legend in Limbo Kasen's scenario

// Touhou Suzunaan
Miss Reimu's been keeping an eye on me?
Kosuzu Motoori
Forbidden Scrollery Chapter 49

Indeed. As you're well aware, she's a human who specializes in youkai extermination. She especially hates it when humans admire youkai the way you do.
Yukari Yakumo
Forbidden Scrollery Chapter 49

// Touhou Chireikiden
Ignorance is such a cruel thing. A youkai cannot fight a vengeful spirit, because inside, you're all the same.
Mizuchi Miyadeguchi
Cheating Detective Satori

// Touhou Suichouka

// Fanbooks

//
// Music CDs
//
Let's wake up! Dreams are things to be made into reality. The world of dreams can be made into reality!
Renko Usami
Changeability of Strange Dream

In Gensokyo, youkai are the enemies of humanity. This rule must be upheld as an undeniable truth. If we don't, everything would fall apart at once. Our entire society is built on a delicate balance.
Hieda no Akyuu
Forbidden Scrollery Chapter 19
whom_to: Kosuzu Motoori
